Timestamps for Video 88 and 96: An Overview of Information Security (Zoe Braiterman) &  Sneak Peek at Penpot 2.0 (the open source design tool) (#274)
data-umbrella/event-transcripts: 2023/88-zoe-infosec.md

```
## Timestamps

> 00:32 Data Umbrella introduction by Reshama
> 02:47 Zoe's introduction by Reshama
> 03:37 Zoe introduces herself
> 04:20 Why Information Security and its overaching goal
> 05:39 CIA Triad: Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability
> 07:21 Red and Blue Teaming
> 09:12 Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC)
> 11:30 Career entries to Information Security
> 15:03 References and Learning Resources
> 17:40 Q/A Can you explain about internal controls with an example?
> 23:15 Q/A What are the primary steps to break into the CyberSecurity Industry?
> 30:11 Q/A Any directions on where you can find volunteer work in CyberSecurity?
> 33:15 Q/A How to meve from GRC(Governance, Risk and Compliance) from SOC(Security Operations Center)? Is it possible to do that without a certification?
> 35:42 Q/A For someone who's new in CyberSecurity, what would you say is the first certification to get?
> 40:20 Q/A What is the difference between Red Team, Blue Team and Purple Team?
> 41:30 Q/A How did Zoe get into CyberSecurity?
> 47:27 Q/A Is doing practical event/challenges like Capture The Flag event, a great way to start gaining practical knowledge?
> 51:32 Conclusion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
00:00 Talk begins
00:32 Data Umbrella introduction by Reshama
02:47 Zoe's introduction by Reshama
03:37 Zoe introduces herself
04:20 Why Information Security and its overarching goal
05:39 CIA Triad: Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability
07:21 Red and Blue Teaming
09:12 Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC)
11:30 Career entries to Information Security
15:03 References and Learning Resources
17:40 Q: Can you explain about internal controls with an example?
23:15 Q: What are the primary steps to break into the cybersecurity Industry?
30:11 Q: Any directions on where you can find volunteer work in CyberSecurity?
33:15 Q: How to move from GRC (Governance, Risk and Compliance) from SOC (Security Operations Center)? Is it possible to do that without a certification?
35:42 Q: For someone who is new in cybersecurity, what would you say is the first certification to get?
40:20 Q: What is the difference between Red Team, Blue Team and Purple Team?
41:30 Q: How did Zoe get into cybersecurity?
47:27 Q: Is doing practical event/challenges like Capture The Flag event, a great way to start gaining practical knowledge?
51:32 Conclusion
```
